Public Straight
间奏
Rainy day all four seasons A cloud gains a trace
The only advice From my father-in-law
I'm going to play Karakasa by myself
Who should I go with if I don't play Karakasa?
Shara shara shanshan, I'm going to get wet
I'm going to get wet
Hurry up, my dear, it's getting late
I'm going to look under the tarpaulin
I'm hiding my face under the tarpaulin
Even if I get wet, the tarpaulin dries
The shadow of the clouds that scatter the rain
I'm really shaking and getting wet
I'm going to get wet
The shadow of the clouds that scatter the rain
I'm going to play Karakasa by myself
Who should I go with if I don't play Karakasa?
Shara shara shanshan, I'm going to get wet
I'm really shaking and getting wet